"The Three Noble Frames" taught by Longchenpa Rinpoche, in order to resolve all doubts and
questions about ritual within the Three Noble Frames.
Longchenpa Rinpoche, in order to resolve all doubts and questions about ritual within the Three
Noble Frames.
Noble Problems.
Longchenpa Rinpoche, in order to resolve all doubts and questions about ritual within the Three
Noble Frames.
Noble Crowns.
Longchenpa Rinpoche, in order to resolve all doubts and questions about ritual within the Three
Noble Frames.
Longchenpa Rinpoche, in order to resolve all doubts and questions.
like the table preparing those all is past pattern of us.
And that you prepare those beautifully nice arrangement,
all the food and offerings, everything, display so beautifully,
nicely, it looks so beautiful, so uplifting, calm and peaceful,
soothing, it's beautiful.
And then [INAUDIBLE] all the good foods, good food, fruit,
fruit, and cookies, and those are like the yummies you bring up,
all these things such as a nice ice cream too, but not too much,
right, we don't want to do that.
And all those yummy, nice things really display so beautifully,
nice and shrines and everything, nice,
that is about the picking of novels, trying novels.
And then practicing individualism also should be novel too,
perhaps more jewel, more epicure, more love,
more kindness filled in heart, and more respect,
more polite to the sangha print to each other.
This is the gathering of the sangha members.
That means various brothers and sisters are gathering.
And in the Buddha teaching said, this is not just
we are going to be toghede, we are going to be toghede
until we become the enlightenment.
As how, in the always-invading and teaching [INAUDIBLE]
we will be going to glorify the light of love and compassion
as weak of the bottom line, weak, weak, right, weak,
weak of bottom line, as weak of bottom line burning.
Burning light in the bottom line is not just
burning by the wood alone.
In Tibet, I mean, they use wood inside the wood.
It's not just about the cotton alone.
It's not just about the oil alone.
It's not just about the land port alone.
It has a lot of combination.
Similarly, the glory and light of love and compassion,
what's the-- we're going to glorify as sangha members
toghede, toghede, harmonized beautifully.
Therefore, it is a precious gathering, precious moment,
precious learning.
Therefore, very calm, heart is filled with joy and devotion,
respect and appreciation.
Entire each other, medallat, everything.
That is the gathering.
That is the gathering of the feast.
And then voice is also so beautiful, calm, peaceful,
respect, politeness, well-spotted each other.
That is noble, noble.
And then body is also noble.
We should dress up nicely, beautiful, calm hands.
Watch, beautiful, dress up nice.
It's not something that we have to make complete.
All the ends are gathered here.
We gather in beautiful beings, beautiful, nice manner.
Manner means we all know.
We all know. Manner means not talking about heart,
where you appear, where you are standing, where you're speaking.
Those are in a samsara called manners.
Nice, soft speaking, and nice dress, nice clothes, nice.
It's not something that we have to put faces,
expensive clothes, but whatever we have something nice, clean,
neat, decent, and that is what we do.
If we do that, what is that?
That is honoring to the lineage, honoring to the buddhas,
honoring to the mandalas, and finally we are honored
to our own body.
Our own body is in Vaidya and the Tijibana.
It's five dying buddhas.
And when you read the dress here, this, when you read this,
this standard skin, what is?
Pungo sanyana, the dead body.
And with this respect to our body, we are breaking the vowels.
We are breaking vowels of the, I think, head vowels.
You read, okay, Pungo sanyana, is there air?
>> Twenty-six, the eighth.
>> And is air, right, head vowels?
Head vowels in the 14th.
>> It's in the 14th.
>> No, no, the vow, Pungo sanyana, head vowels, right?
Pungo sanyana, head vowels, dead body.
Give up our products.
We kind of ignore our body, ourself in kind of disregard that.
That is really known as breaking the rules of the Vaidya and the Tijis.
That means we are respected, appropriate to our body,
taking care of ourself, dressed on the ice
and the beautiful things and kind of nice.
I mean, it's not something that expensive and all those things.
Can't we have to be, but even we have kind of nice, clean, neat looking
and gather and then wear nice robes, such as whatever.
Kind of clean, neat looking.
That is known as honoring to the lineage, honor to, as I said,
and then deep down honor to the ourself, respect.
And that is then, it's Pungo sany, the pipe aggregate
of our body is the pipe Diana Buddha.
And we blame and criticize not honor with breath in the Vaidya and vowels.
That's what the Tijis say.
So therefore, kind of dress up nice and beautifully and all that is
so important, so beautiful, so special.
It's nice, it's nice.
It makes kind of looks beautiful, calm and peaceful.
In that way, in for example, unless you have big yogi and yogis,
then they do it sometimes different.
But even for example, there's nothing higher
and bigger yogi than Gurbel Masambha.
Gurbel Masambha.
Of course, personally, I didn't see or we didn't see,
but look to Gurbel Masambha.
Here, this is supposed to be Gurbel Masambha.
How he dress up?
Look, I'm not saying we should get all these costumes.
Look at this.
I'm not kidding.
And there's nothing higher and bigger yogi
and the realization of the veins than the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Look to this Buddha.
How he dress up?
Look, and it's simple.
It's simple, very simple.
Ladies, I mean, you need face.
It's not expensive, any cloth the Buddha has to wear.
But look at this.
This is the illustrations of the pronged 2000.
What's called?
2600, yes, and it's continued now.
This is what's so simple, so beautiful, so nice, nice, clean,
very, it's also very, what's called, like yuppie.
Yuppie.
It's like what's called in the word.
It's a gap, gap.
It's like khaki.
It's khaki style.
[LAUGHTER]
Look at this, how simple.
That is that one.
Nice, those all are the first part of nobles.
It's nice.
And this way, for example, when we went to shop,
when we went to this, this, this, for example,
[INAUDIBLE]
where this is nicely.
And so small part of this goes over here.
And then, longer part of this, when we're walking,
we fold it up and put on your wrist.
When you sit down, you will put this in a little bit.
They put this in the monaster.
They put it around your knees.
When you sit there, you cover your whole, your knees.
And when you are in the shrine room,
unless you're walking in a way of monasteries,
unless you're walking, doing something,
otherwise, you always put that on the here, here,
not on your shoulder.
If you put that in the shoulder, it's
a little bit more, a little bit wild.
[LAUGHTER]
Wild, if you put that.
And you put this on here and this, this.
And that's what is new.
Rufushek, is there a symbolism?
I know.
So John was telling us that on the right side would be,
our arm would be there, and our left arm would be covered.
Is there symbolism within that?
By the way, I don't know if there's symbolism within that.
This is in monasteries, generally, in ancient times.
And for example, like vodas, like this.
This is the-- they really did it very once,
kind of like those great aratas.
They wear some short.
So they always keep this.
Usually, in the ancient times, I don't know if they really wear it,
unless you're a nun.
You're a nun, then they wear something here.
They keep that.
But if you're not-- for all those monks,
ancient time, they don't have much things to wear here.
So they only show that that's what they wear there.
And so the others keep that-- they kind of keep this open.
And there's nothing really I saw that has symbols there.
But it is just tradition.
Traditionally, that's how them maintain, or that's how I saw.
So, OK.
And so now, with the cloth, the nice cloth and all that,
and sit down with beautiful atmosphere,
and beautiful with that, those are all known
as beginning of the novels.
Beginning past, past part of novels.
Then again, not beginning novel has ended.
When you sit down, sit down, and then with beautiful intention.
And that's always the practice, beautiful intention.
Bring joy and appreciation, love and kindness and compassion,
and target with strong devotions.
Devotion is so, again, important.
To bring up the lineage blessings,
to bring up-- to discover our inner quality, natural measures.
Devotion is so, so important.
And devotion is joy.
Devotion is respect.
Devotion is appreciation.
And devotion is confidence and trust.
All that is said.
With that, too, and then giant such as praise.
Praise.
And that also means, here, we're going
to discover three regular states.
Ceremony goes on.
Gara jaka ceremony is really me.
We're glorifying our realization.
Restart any of our realization practices.
And shining up, polishing our practices.
Practice.
That means trying to clean away all those stains
and obscurations.
Whatever that is disturbing, now we're
going to clean, purify that.
And so that is what it is.
And with those beautiful thoughts,
strong presence of the-- at the beginning,
strong presence of lineage.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And all in light, right in front of your skies.
And then giant prayers.
Giant, these seven-line prayers as we do lineage prayers.
And then, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
developed in both each other.
And the four according.
Again, it is shower blessings.
If we go now, look to the shower blessings.
Here, look at the text.
Then continue all this lineage prayers, shower blessings,
says it continually until page seven.
This all is known as the post novels.
From start to preparing of the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
and shrine.
And your son will prepare a nice [INAUDIBLE]
some nice cloth, a nice kind of like that.
And all from that, everything is known as--
everything is known as the first novels.
Everything with beautiful intention taught.
And then, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
and all that you know, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
all those meanings that I have to keep.
So I won't go all those ways.
So that is all the first novel.
Now, the foundation is perfect.
Foundation is so beautiful.
The first is post is state.
It's excellent.
Now, we're going to take the second novels.
Second novel in this case, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
blessings from page eight, all the way
those [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] ceremonies.
All the way, and then [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
all those are second prayers.
And the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
practice, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
and then all the way to what every of the practices
is all the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
blessings, blessings until page 49.
Until page 49 is the second novel.
From page 8, page--
until page 49 is second novels.
Second novels.
At this time, now, you discover the truly three--
what we're talking--
three-weather status.
Truly discover and truly revel in that nature.
Three-weather status without grasping, without clinging,
without discriminating, without hesitation, doubt,
and skeptical snow.
Those are varnish.
Those are liberated in the state of the absolute dharma-dhaka.
Nature.
And from there, all the way to the page 49
is then the second novel.
And the second novel, Oakland, was in changing cities.
Second novel, no grasping, no clinging.
That means everything is here is displayed, magic.
Magic of the wisdom, magic of compassion.
Or the dream of wisdom, dream of compassion.
Dream of display, everything.
Song, whether the song is magic, whether the poem is magic,
whether mind is magic.
And all are never separate from each other.
These three are never separate from each other.
All that.
With that, and with that, reflecting externally,
heart, love, kind, compassion, respect, and appreciation.
Let it come.
Let it go.
Let it be.
And all those practice teachings,
instructed by the great masters, and with that,
is all that is three-way, among the three-way,
and among these three novel ones, this is second novel.
All that is second novel.
So now the beautiful, perfectly state
started with the beautiful novel.
And second novel is perfectly beautiful.
And then once you've completed that, that, or when you're there,
and then third novel comes.
Third novel comes again, touching back to where we started,
in a way.
Touch back wherever, how we started.
And we started with the joy, love, respect, and appreciation,
both each other, and all that.
And with that man, with that flavor,
that same gauntlet, then we're going to now start.
We're going to conclude it.
That means we're going to conclude it.
How we're going to complete it?
We're going to finish touch, final touch.
And that is then again.
And then this place, all that.
From here, bed 52, according to this, bed 54,
and then all our dedication place.
All those finishing touch, final, novel touch, novel touch.
And with again, same way, with joy and appreciation, I said.
I mean, you know that.
So that is known as, then when we've completed, completely,
everything is within a three novel status.
That is what it is, and that is what it is.
Then this practice becomes so beautiful, so perfect.
Start with it beautifully, practice it beautifully,
and concolated, and finishing it beautifully.
With that feeling, with that realization,
go in the world, engaging in the world's activities.
Again, with that same way, with joy, with respect,
with appreciation, let it come, let it go, be practical,
be common sense, be common sense, practical, capable.
Then our duty and responsibility,
exactly as we could take care of ourselves,
take care of our responsibilities, and move forward.
Joy, happy, appreciation, learning, growing, deepening.
And that's what really what the teachers,
I mean, both I and Grandma and Grandma said.
Then I said, and do every good things about what we can do.
And again, always joy and respect.
So those are what generally the ceremony itself
to do practice like, quickly.
So that is really the whole frame of this practice.
Practice it, then with the shower blessings, and so that's it.
And if you have some questions, we'll discuss shortly.